welcome to another installment of
burying the Isis blocks this one is a
little different because I actually
didn't make it for you I recorded this
ritual for a friend with whom I timed it
so he was doing the same thing as I was
but in America so this is for my very
dear friend but I am sharing it with you
because you have asked me before if I
wanted to share some of my rituals so
here's a part of the new mania ritual I
did and I hope you enjoy it
unlike the other ones there isn't any
explanations or anything on what I'm
actually doing but you can see the link
below in my description for more on it
and I'll stare is always the comments
section thank you for watching
Oh kion's does nature ever close and
from whom trust both gods and animals
sire incorruptible whose wave surround
and arts Alterman encirclement and every
River and Jeffrey white spreading seeds
and it's pure bubbling with springs only
here mighty sire the Baptist bliss is
dice sprayed the cathartic to power
divine Earth's family millet fountain of
the pool whose waves white screaming a
surface wide spreading a certain fluent
war approached the Netherlands the
classic mind and be forever tonight
mystics kind
it's ready never in your life who now
into the time from being one mind
come forth and with all the spilled
races on my song
and max
sweet-voiced muses daughter of Zeus well
skilled in song tell us the laundry move
from her immortal head irradiance has
shown from heaven and embraces earth and
greatest the beauty the through the
varieties from a shining light yeah
unlit before glows with the light of her
golden schools and arranged in fear
whensoever brights mean have invaded the
lovely body in the waters of the ocean
and Donder for dreaming dreaming and
joked a strong neck shinies he drives on
a long-range force at full speed
and every time in the mid month then in
a great old school and then her beam
shine brightest machine thesis so she is
sure tokens and signed to mortal men
once the son of Cronus was joined with
her in love as she conceived to their
daughter Tanya exceeding lovely amongst
the deathless Rose Hill white-armed
goddess right to the mouth bright chest
pain
another religion and seen the glories of
man master boy repeats minstrels and
servants of the music celebrate lovely
do you I too often
- sweet this one
but your bride rates may have assumed
favorably upon me I see my boxes the
check strong voice repeated virgin dear
sweeter be like three Mary's I'm sister
to promise the golden sword both of
straddle equals and windy peak she draws
her golden bowls rejoicing in the taste
the sense of wreath of shafts built to
you children Sunita
I'm told but many lessons we go with you
there the drafts me
never go straight with you
you